# Superstore Returns Project 
## Visualizations
[Superstore Returns Project - Jillian Kingsley](https://public.tableau.com/views/SuperstoreReturnsProject_17246215020830/ProfitsLosses?:language=en-US&:sid=&:redirect=auth&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)
## Analysis
**Part 1: Profits & Losses**
1. For SuperStore, based on the sum of the profits for each subcategory divided by region, the greatest profit centers for the business are the product sub categories of copiers and phones. Meanwhile, the subcategories of tables and bookcases are the greatest loss makers for the company. There is a notable aberration of a major loss in the subcategory of binders in the central region alone but this is offset by a substantial profit in the other three regions so it does not rise to the level of being one of the main loss generators for the business overall. This can all be seen in the Tableau sheet titled "Profit and Loss Centers."
	
2. The five products causing the greatest losses for the business, which I therefore recommend be discontinued, are the Cubify CubeX 3D Printer Triple Head Print (product ID TEC-MA-10004125), the Cubify CubeX 3D Printer Double Head Print (product ID TEC-MA-10000418), the GBC DocuBind P400 Electric Binding System (product ID OFF-BI-10004995), the Cisco TelePresence System EX90 Videoconferencing Unit (product ID TEC-MA-10002412), and the Lexmark MX611dhe Monochrome Laser Printer (product ID TEC-MA-10000822). These items are averaging losses over $1,000 each. This data can be viewed in the Tableau sheet titled "Products Causing Greatest Losses."

3. The three leading product subcategories are copiers, phones, and accessories. These subcategories should be focused on to maximize profits. On the other hand, tables, bookcases, and supplies should all be eliminated as they are contributing only losses. This is evidenced by the graph in the Tableau sheet "Profit by Subcategory."

**Part 2: Advertising**
1.  As seen in the Tableau sheet "Top 3 States' Average Profit by Month," the states with the highest average profits are Vermont, Rhode Island, and Indiana. Vermont's highest average profit is $596 in the month of November. This means that $119.20 should be allocated for advertising in that month. The highest average profit in Rhode Island is a much smaller number at only $250 in December which indicates advertising spending of just $50. For Indiana, the peak month is October with an average profit for that month of $643. Thus an advertising budget of $128.60 would be appropriate for Indiana in the month of October. 

**Part 3: Returned Items**
1. The five items with the highest return rates are Global Wood Trimmed Manager's Task Chair, Khaki (product ID FUR-CH-10003774) with 29 returns, Global Troy Executive Leather Low-Back Tilter (product ID FUR-CH-10001215) with 26 returns, Global Leather Task Chair, Black (product ID FUR-CH-10003061) also with 26 returns, Pressboard Covers with Storage Hooks, 9 1/2" x 11", Light Blue (product ID OFF-BI-10000343) with 25 returns, and Xerox 1881/Xerox 1908 (product ID OFF-PA-10001970) with 25 returns. These results are shown in Tableau sheet "Highest Return Rate Products."
2. The six customers with the most returns are Seth Vernon (customer ID SV-20365) with 214 returns, William Brown (customer ID WB-21850) with 147 returns, Ted Butterfield (customer ID TB-21055) with 90 returns, Sandra Glassco (customer ID SG-20080) with 83 returns, Dan Reichenbach (customer ID DR-12880) and Stefania Perrino (customer ID SP-20620) both with 82 returns each. These results are shown in Tableau sheet "Highest Return Rate Customers."
3. SuperStore should discontinue selling the product sub-category of tables because the average loss in that sub-category is $57 and the return rate is 29%. This is shown in Tableau sheet "Average Profit & Average Return Rate."
